ADP.Docs/Docs/docs/components/vehicle-information/safety-recalls.md, before:

## Safety Recalls

A recall is issued when a vehicle or part of a vehicle is found to be defective in a way that could affect the safety of the vehicle. 

In most cases, the manufacturer will provide a remedy for the defect, which may include repairing or replacing the defective part.  
 
Vehicles that are subject to a recall can be looked up by their VIN using the **Vehicle Lookup Feature**.


## Recalls on **Authorized** Vehicles
The distributor has precise recall records for Authorized Vehicles. Making the lookup process straightforward by simply checking the database for the VIN.


## Recalls on **Unauthorized** Vehicles
In most cases, the distributor does not have precise recall records for Unauthorized Vehicles. However, the distributor may be able to check the VIN against the Manufacturer's system either through an integration or manually.

### Manual Manufacturer System Check
In the event that the distributor does not have an integration with the Manufacturer's system, the lookup process is as follows:

1. The user requests a recall check for an unauthorized vehicle and the VIN is logged as a ticket.
2. The distributor team will need to manually check the VIN against the manufacturer's system and update the ticket with the recall details.
3. After resolving the ticket, the results will be communicated to the user who made the request via email or other mediums.

### Integration with Manufacturer's System
In the event that the distributor has an integration with the Manufacturer's system, the lookup process is as follows:

1. The user requests a recall check for an unauthorized vehicle and the VIN is logged.
2. The system will automatically check the VIN against the manufacturer's system via and API call.
3. The Manufacturer's system may respond in one of the following ways:
	1.  Provide a list of recalls associated with the VIN.   
    	In this case, the user will be presented with all the details of the recalls, including the recall number, description, and repair status.
	2.  Provide a yes/no response indicating whether the VIN is subject to a recall.  
		In this case, a ticket will be created and the distributor team will need to manually check the VIN against the manufacturer's system and update the ticket with the recall details.

Commit message:

ADP Docs: Explain Safety Recall Repair status for official Vehicles

ADP.Docs/Docs/docs/components/vehicle-information/safety-recalls.md, after:

## Safety Recalls

A recall is issued when a vehicle or part of a vehicle is found to be defective in a way that could affect the safety of the vehicle. 

In most cases, the manufacturer will provide a remedy for the defect, which may include repairing or replacing the defective part.  
 
Vehicles that are subject to a recall can be looked up by their VIN using the **Vehicle Lookup Feature**.


## Recalls on **Authorized** Vehicles
The distributor has precise recall records for Authorized Vehicles, making the lookup process straightforward by simply checking the database for the VIN.

In addition to identifying whether a vehicle is affected by a recall, the system also determines whether the recall has been repaired or still requires action.
This is done through a multi-source repair status check:

- **Inline Data**: If the recall record itself directly indicates that the repair has been completed, this information is used.
- **Warranty Claims**: The system also checks warranty claims (if available) to confirm completion. This is determined by validating the Labor Operation Code and the presence of the Campaign Code in the warranty notes.
- **Labor Lines**: As a final step, the system reviews labor lines retrieved from the DMS (if available) for evidence that the recall-related work has been performed.

By combining these sources, the system ensures the most accurate status for each recall. This helps service teams and customers know not just whether a vehicle is affected, but also whether the recall has already been addressed.


## Recalls on **Unauthorized** Vehicles
In most cases, the distributor does not have precise recall records for Unauthorized Vehicles. However, the distributor may be able to check the VIN against the Manufacturer's system either through an integration or manually.

### Manual Manufacturer System Check
In the event that the distributor does not have an integration with the Manufacturer's system, the lookup process is as follows:

1. The user requests a recall check for an unauthorized vehicle and the VIN is logged as a ticket.
2. The distributor team will need to manually check the VIN against the manufacturer's system and update the ticket with the recall details.
3. After resolving the ticket, the results will be communicated to the user who made the request via email or other mediums.

### Integration with Manufacturer's System
In the event that the distributor has an integration with the Manufacturer's system, the lookup process is as follows:

1. The user requests a recall check for an unauthorized vehicle and the VIN is logged.
2. The system will automatically check the VIN against the manufacturer's system via and API call.
3. The Manufacturer's system may respond in one of the following ways:
	1.  Provide a list of recalls associated with the VIN.   
    	In this case, the user will be presented with all the details of the recalls, including the recall number, description, and repair status.
	2.  Provide a yes/no response indicating whether the VIN is subject to a recall.  
		In this case, a ticket will be created and the distributor team will need to manually check the VIN against the manufacturer's system and update the ticket with the recall details.
