ADP.Docs/Docs/docs/generated/part/CatalogPartModel.md, before:


The Catalog Part refers to a specific part in the Parts Catalog.  
 It is used to define the properties and information of a part.

| Property | Summary |
|----------|---------|
| id <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| Location <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| PartNumber <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| PartName <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| ProductGroup <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| ProductGroupDescription <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| BinType <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| DistributorPurchasePrice <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| ProductCode <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| PNC <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| Dimension1 <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| Dimension2 <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| Dimension3 <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| NetWeight <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| CubicMeasure <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| GrossWeight <strong style='float: right;'>``decimal?``</strong> |  |
| Origin <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| SupersededTo <strong style='float: right;'>``IEnumerable<PartSupersession>``</strong> |  |
| LocalDescription <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| HSCode <strong style='float: right;'>``string``</strong> |  |
| CountryData <strong style='float: right;'>``IEnumerable<CountryDataModel>``</strong> |  |

Commit message:

Docs: Add Model Navigation, Hash ID to Country and Region + some other refactor

ADP.Docs/Docs/docs/generated/part/CatalogPartModel.md, after:


The Catalog Part refers to a specific part in the Parts Catalog.  
 It is used to define the properties and information of a part.

| Property | Summary |
|----------|---------|
| id <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The unique identifier for the catalog part. If an ID is not available, then the part number should be used as the ID. |
| PartNumber <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | Each part has a unique part number that is used to identify it in the catalog and other related documents/systems. |
| PartName <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The name of the part as it appears in the catalog. |
| ProductGroup <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The product group code to which the part belongs. |
| ProductGroupDescription <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The description of the product group to which the part belongs. |
| BinType <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The type of the bin in which the part is stored. |
| DistributorPurchasePrice <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The purchase price that the distributor pays for the part. |
| ProductCode <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The product code that is used to identify the part in the catalog. |
| PNC <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The Product Number Code (PNC) |
| Length <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The length of the part. |
| Width <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The width of the part. |
| Height <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The height of the part. |
| NetWeight <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The weight of the part. |
| CubicMeasure <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The cubic measure of the part. |
| GrossWeight <div><strong>``decimal?``</strong></div> | The gross weight of the part. |
| Origin <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The country of origin of the part. |
| SupersededTo <div><strong>``IEnumerable<PartSupersessionModel>``</strong></div> | A list of all the [Supersessions](/generated/part/PartSupersessionModel.html) that the part has. |
| LocalDescription <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The localized description of the part. |
| HSCode <div><strong>``string``</strong></div> | The Harmonized System (HS) code for the part. |
| CountryData <div><strong>``IEnumerable<PartCountryDataModel>``</strong></div> | [Per Country](/generated/part/PartCountryDataModel.html) data for the part. |
